Add missing changelog entries for StorageEngine (#3888)
elastic/docs-content: release-notes/elastic-cloud-serverless/breaking-changes.md

# {{serverless-full}} breaking changes [elastic-cloud-serverless-breaking-changes]

## October 27, 2025 [serverless-changelog-10272025-breaking]

* Implements native synthetic source for normalized keywords [#136915](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/136915)

## August 25, 2025 [elastic-cloud-serverless-08252025-breaking]

* Allows partial results by default in {{esql}} [#125060](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/125060)

> * Prevents normalizing fields of type text when the index mode is LogsDB or TSDB [#131317](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/131317)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{dropdown} Don't enable norms for fields of type text when the index mode is LogsDB or TSDB

This changes the default behavior for norms on `text` fields in logsdb and tsdb indices.
Prior to this change, norms were enabled by default, with the option to disable them via manual configurations.
After this change, norms will be disabled by default.
Note, because we dont support enabling norms from a disabled state, users will not be able to enable norms on `text` fields in logsdb and tsdb indices.

**Impact:**

Text fields will no longer be normalized by default in LogsDB and TSDB indicies.
  
For more information, view [#131317](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/131317).
```
